As Mitchell said...Haa...haaa
There's a Mitchell Chad...wait did you
He is ..He's literally been posting so many notes about lamb.
Like, you're the one who's like, you need to like..ummm
Exactly, so you gotta hit him up.
Oh my god, you can't just like, no. You have to like actually go for it.
You would have to develop it, because you're not reaching out to them.
He's thinking, I tell you he's actually thinking about you. Like if he's putting, he put like...
I think at least two notes about lamp, right? You..you put them on
Well, you recommended lamp first.
So if you infer that it was you, like you're the reason.
Well then he wouldn't have said, like, he wouldn't have said, oh exactly
You put (***) He's thinking about you
Exactly..yeah
He's like a sheep, he's following you. Because he is like...
Yeah, you're like the pack leader. He's like following you.
Yeah
so that means that if you texted him he would reply and be like
I'm so in love with you. Please date me.
Though...But like...you got it like..
Grab your chance. Like.. It's like being presented right in front of you and you're not taking it.
Haaa...No, no you see it wrong
Like, take it from me, trust me.
ummm
Anyways, could you? could you?
Hear him up. Like look at how he glowed up. He's star right?
Exactly. And like...He's like a loser
he's loser enough if he does shake it off...exactly..and then
He is a (***)
I..I generally (***) really scared. But he is a (***)
Yeah!
So you should pick him up.
Love knows no bounds.
Yeah, yeah...that...so
After this, you better text him. Or I'm gonna text him.
I am going to text him
Wait for the post-lamp again and be like...
Like after the (***)
Honestly just hit her like I don't care what you do... literally just.... text him
Music like you know, I love it like music just music...talk about music...
Lamb, do lamb. I'm telling you. You put, you put big arms.
So he... that means he must be thinking about you every time he listens to Layout.
Yeah (***) I like (***)
Was it's still good? like...
Why don't you text about the new album?...like
What was it? Cardi-Cardi? Yeah
don't...don't be shy
I'll be watching you
I'm gonna text him myself if you don't. You...No one's stopping me.
If you can't do it I'll do it for you.
Susan...yeah
Haaa!
But you are a pro. A pro. So you're a pro at...
putting people up a pro at raising people up